We focus on Industry 4.0 and beyond.
The costs and benefits of a product
are realised during its lifecycle.
80% of them are locked in by
decisions made in the design phase.
How can we design for
maximum lifecycle value?
Industry beyond 4.0 enables
a fact-based, –
data-driven
collaborative approach.
VTT provides tools for
reliable decision-making –
to produce durable products.
We help to foresee
critical stages in product use.
We support product design
for extreme conditions.
VTT ProperTune is a multiscale
materials modeling –
and integrated computational
materials engineering concept –
and a software toolset.
It enables you to
discover new materials, –
improve the performance
of the existing ones, –
optimise material solutions, –
or just troubleshoot
complex material problems.
Customers benefit in terms of
the performance of their products, –
the pace of R&D accelerates, –
and in terms of the
associated costs.
Typically you solve problems
related to material discovery, –
so totally new materials, –
optimization and systematic design
of material solutions –
to a specific product, –
or you address complex material
challenges in your products.
For example, if you need to
avoid failure at all costs –
in safety critical cases.
It's extremely relevant for the
industry that we work on –
real business cases,
real industry problems.
ProperTune is not just
a modelling exercise, –
materials modelling and digitalization
have a critical role.
Materials are everywhere.
Anyone who has an innovation,
value-chain or business model –
where there's significance in terms of
the material, the material solution, –
or the product is dependent on
material characteristics, –
that's a huge case for
VTT ProperTune.
With the new product lifecycle
approach we can: –
support resource sufficiency, –
shorten time-to-market, –
prolong product lifecycles by
applying fact-based design.
Industrial renewal requires
new thinking.